Documentation refactoring (#814)
vllm-project/guidellm: docs/guides/backends.md

GuideLLM is designed to work with OpenAI-compatible HTTP servers, enabling seamless integration with a variety of generative AI backends. This compatibility ensures that users can evaluate and optimize their large language model (LLM) deployments efficiently. While the current focus is on OpenAI-compatible servers, we welcome contributions to expand support for other backends, including additional server implementations and Python interfaces.

## CLI backend configuration

> Backends are configured with the single-parameter CLI pattern:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Backends are configured with the `kind` CLI pattern:
```

  --data synthetic_text "prompt_tokens=256,output_tokens=128"
```

Or with JSON:

```bash
--backend openai_http '{"target": "https://api.openai.com/v1", "api_key": "sk-...", "model": "gpt-3.5-turbo"}'
```

The API key is used to set the `Authorization: Bearer {api_key}` header in HTTP requests to the backend server.

> [!IMPORTANT]\
> For security, avoid hardcoding API keys in scripts. Consider using environment variables or secure credential management tools when passing API keys via `--backend`.

## Passing Sampling Parameters

By default, GuideLLM does not set sampling parameters such as `temperature`, `top_p`, or `top_k` in its requests to the backend server. If you need to control these parameters during benchmarking, pass them through the backend `extras` field.

The `extras` field accepts a `body` key whose values are merged directly into the API request body sent to the backend server. This means any parameter supported by the OpenAI completions or chat completions API (or your backend's extensions) can be passed through.

### Example: Setting temperature, top_p, and top_k

```bash
guidellm run \

>   --backend openai_http 'target=http://localhost:8000/v1,model=meta-llama/Meta-Llama-3.1-8B-Instruct,extras={"body": {"temperature": 0.6, "top_p": 0.95, "top_k": 20}}' \

Reviewer 2: Same issue as prev

Reviewer 2: Also more places in this file.

Author: I won't put this in the documentation, but I rather appreciate being able to render this as `--backend openai_http target=http://localhost:8000/v1,model=meta-llama/Meta-Llama-3.1-8B-Instruct,extras.body.temperature=0.6,extras.body.top_p=0.95,extras.body.top_k=20`
